ACD-618 (#30)
Actindo-AG/Documentation: Channels/UserInterface/02c_SemiAutomaticMapping.md

[!!Manage the offers](../Operation/01_ManageOffers.md)

# Semi automatic mapping

> 

Reviewer: Semi automatic vs. semi-automatic -> Vereinheitlichen
Vorschlag: semiautomatic, ohne Bindestricht. 
Quellen: https://www.merriam-webster.com/dictionary/semi, https://ophi.org.uk/wp-content/uploads/CMS_list.pdf

*Omni-Channel > Offers > Tab SEMI AUTOMATIC MAPPING*

> ![Semi automatic mapping](../../Assets/Screenshots/Channels/Offers/SemiAutomaticMapping/SemiAutomaticMapping.png "[Semi automatic mapping]")

Reviewer: Screenshot anonymisieren

      - ![Publish](../../Assets/Icons/Publish.png "[Publish]") publish    
        Click this entry to publish the view. This menu entry is only displayed if a view has been selected and unpublished.

      - ![Private view](../../Assets/Icons/Unpublish.png "[Unpublish]") private view    
        Click this entry to unpublish the view. This menu entry is only displayed if a view has been selected and published.

      - ![Save](../../Assets/Icons/Save.png "[Save]") save    
        Click this entry to save the current view settings in the selected view. This menu entry is only displayed if a view has been selected.

        > [Info] When the settings of a view have been changed, an asterisk is displayed next to the view name. The asterisk is hidden as soon as the changes have been saved.

      - ![Delete](../../Assets/Icons/Trash01.png "[Delete]") delete    
        Click this entry to delete the selected view. A confirmation window is displayed to confirm the deletion. This menu entry is only displayed if a view has been selected.

> - ![Toggle](../../Assets/Icons/Toggle.png "[Toggle]") *List changes that cannot be confirmed by you*    

Reviewer: Ansprache an Benutzer: "by you" oder "by the current user/(currently) logged in user?

  Enable this toggle to list all offers including those that cannot be confirmed by you. Disable the toggle to list only offers that can be confirmed by you. By default, this toggle is disabled.

- ![Columns](../../Assets/Icons/Columns.png "[Columns]") Columns (x)   
  Click this button to display the columns bar and customize the displayed columns and the order of columns in the list. The *x* indicates the number of columns that are currently displayed in the list.

- [x]     
  Select the checkbox to display the editing toolbar. If you click the checkbox in the header, all offers in the list are selected.

- ![Lock](../../Assets/Icons/Lock01.png "[Lock]") (Lock)   

>   Locked offers cannot be confirmed by you. These offers are greyed out and cannot be selected.

Reviewer: Ansprache an Benutzer: "by you" oder "by the current user/(currently) logged in user?

    
- [CONFIRM]    
  Click this button to confirm the changes in the selected offer(s). The offer is uploaded with the confirmed changes and removed from the list. 

- [REJECT]   
  Click this button to reject the changes in the selected offer(s). The offer is removed from the list. 

> Depending on whether the *List changes that cannot be confirmed by you* drop-down list is enabled or not, the list displays all offers including those that cannot be confirmed by you or only offer that can be confirmed by you. Depending on the settings, the displayed columns may vary. All fields are read-only. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Depending on whether the *List changes that cannot be confirmed by you* toggle is enabled or not, the list displays all offers, including those that cannot be confirmed by you, or only offers that can be confirmed by you. Depending on the settings, the displayed columns may vary. All fields are read-only. 
```

> Depending on whether the *List changes that cannot be confirmed by you* drop-down list is enabled or not, the list displays all offers including those that cannot be confirmed by you or only offer that can be confirmed by you. Depending on the settings, the displayed columns may vary. All fields are read-only. 

Reviewer: Ansprache an Benutzer: "by you" oder "by the current user/(currently) logged in user?

- *SKU*      
  Stock Keeping Unit. Identification number of the product.

- *Connection*  
  Selected connection for the offer.

- *Created by*  
  Name and username of the user who created the offer.

- *Attribute*   
  Name of the attribute that has been changed in the offer.

- *Language*   
  Language of the offer that has been changed.

- *Channel*   
  Channel of the offer that has been changed.    

- *Current value*   
  Current value of the attribute in the offer that has to be changed.

- *New value*   
  New value of the attribute in the offer that has to be changed.

- *ID*  
  Offer identification number. The ID number is automatically assigned by the system after creation.

- *Cannot be confirmed by user*   
  Indication whether the offer can be confirmed by the current user or not:

>   - ![Check](../../Assets/Icons/Check.png "[Check]") (Checkmark): The offer can be confirmed by you.  

Reviewer: Ansprache an Benutzer: "by you" oder "by the current user/(currently) logged in user?

>   - ![Cross](../../Assets/Icons/Cross02.png "[Cross]") (Cross): The offer cannot be confirmed by you.

Reviewer: Ansprache an Benutzer: "by you" oder "by the current user/(currently) logged in user?
